Now back to our issue from this morning that you claim to have fixed repeatedly, but I am still having to manually Calibrate & Apply All Markets for it to work.

I just clicked on it again and it changed how many active markets we have, silenced, etc.. If it was automatically applying the 'Calibrate & Apply All Markets' setting at the top of every hour, it wouldn't update when I click on it. We are losing opportunities because it is not updating automatically at the start of the hour.
I'm in plan mode — let me do a proper investigation before proposing a fix. The core question is why the fix I applied to index.ts isn't working. Let me read the actual scheduler code and the surrounding context very carefully.
The fix I applied last session is in the dev server but I need to check whether it's even the right fix. Let me read the full picture before planning.
Let me look at the deployment logs to see if the scheduler has ever logged anything, and check the production code state:
Now I have a clear picture. Let me check the production logs and the exact quiet-hours mode in production to confirm what I suspect:
The picture is crystal clear now. The production deployment logs have zero entries for [qh-per-symbol] or [qh-calibrate-all] — the scheduler fired every hour but silently returned early due to the guard condition. My previous fix narrowed the guard but didn't remove it, and it was never published to production.

The fix is straightforward. Let me write the plan:
Here's exactly what I found and why it keeps happening:

The real diagnosis:

The production deployment logs have zero [qh-per-symbol] or [qh-calibrate-all] entries — the hourly scheduler fires but exits before doing anything. The guard in index.ts reads:

if (quietHoursMode !== "per_market" && !hasPerSymbol) return;
Your production mode is "global", so the scheduler bails silently every single hour. The fix I applied to the dev server this morning was never published to production, so production kept running the old code.

Why the fix wasn't enough even if it had been published:

My fix added the hasPerSymbol fallback — but if you've never done a manual calibration in your current session, perSymbolQuietHours could be empty and the guard would still bail.

What task #659 does:

Removes the guard entirely. recomputeAllSymbolQuietHours() is safe to run every hour in any quiet-hours mode — it internally skips coins with fewer than 3 settled bets and does nothing harmful. No mode check needed at the caller. Also adds a log line so you can confirm in production logs that it actually fired at the top of the hour.

The fix is two lines in index.ts plus a publish.
The per-symbol Smart Hours calibration (the same work that "Calibrate & Apply All Markets" does manually) runs on a timer at every UTC hour boundary. But the timer callback has a guard that returns early when quietHoursMode is not "per_market" and there is no existing per-symbol data. In production the mode is "global", so the scheduler bails silently every single hour — no calibration, no log, no sign anything ran. The operator has to click the manual button at the top of every hour to compensate.
recomputeAllSymbolQuietHours() is completely mode-agnostic: it reads historical bet data for all 12 coins, skips coins with fewer than 3 settled bets, and writes the computed schedule back to config. Calling it hourly in any mode is safe and harmless. The guard was simply wrong.
The fix is a 3-line change — remove the guard, add the trigger log. Then deploy.
Dev server is running clean. Now propose the one meaningful follow-up and mark complete simultaneously:
Woah, this is urgent. I have stopped my bot. But where did this bet placement come from?! This is absurd. What did you do? I almost lost $100. We placed this bet at 78 chance of winning. It's way outside our regular betting and our high value scalping. What the heck happened? I don't see it anywhere in our history either. It was randomly placed in the last window. And where did this value come from? $80.09?! It's way more than our regular bet limit and the high value scalping limit on production / published side.